shepherd review updates (#176)
arndt-s/ietf-identity-chaining: draft-ietf-oauth-identity-chaining.md

### Access Token Request {#atr}

> The access token request is per Section 2.1 of {{RFC7523}}, described additionally here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWT authorization grant is used to request an access token as defined in Section 2.1 of {{RFC7523}}. The following parameters are required and described additionally here:
```

* **Controlling scope**: Clients MAY use the scope parameter to control transcribed claims (e.g. downscoping). Authorization Servers SHOULD verify that the requested scopes are not higher privileged than the scopes of the presented subject_token.
For example, a cloud-based development platform that allows developers to access APIs across multiple trust domains where a developer in domain A requests access to an API in domain B but only needs limited permissions, such as "read-only" access.
The authorization server in domain A transcribes the claims in the JWT authorization grant to reflect the downscoped permissions, removing higher-privileged claims like "write" or "admin." This ensures that the access token issued by domain B aligns with the developer's intended scope of access.

> * **Including JWT authorization grant claims**: The authorization server in trust domain B which is performing the assertion flow MAY leverage claims from the JWT authorization grant presented by the client in trust domain A and include them in the returned access token.

Reviewer: Update, we decided to delete the line as the following lines provides sufficient awareness.
